docs: MVP plotly-express docs (#554)
deephaven/deephaven-plugins: plugins/plotly-express/docs/timeline.md

## Examples

### A basic timeline plot

Visualize the amount of time that each category in a column met a specific criteria.

```python order=jobs_tracking
import deephaven.plot.express as dx
jobs = dx.data.jobs() # import the ticking jobs dataset

# create a basic timeline plot by specifying the start time column, end time column, and y-value column
jobs_tracking = dx.timeline(jobs, x_start="StartTime", x_end="EndTime", y="Job")
```

### Color bars by a categorical variable

Use an additional categorical variable to color the bars.

```python order=jobs_tracking
import deephaven.plot.express as dx
jobs = dx.data.jobs() # import the ticking jobs dataset

# the `by` argument is used to color the bars by another categorical variable

> jobs_resource_tracking = dx.timeline(jobs, x_start="StartTime", x_end="EndTime", y="Job")

Reviewer: This example is identical to the prior example and is not doing what it says it does.

Author: I didn't notice this initially. Getting the example "right" gives some pretty bad results. Putting the code in but leaving this comment open.

Author: https://github.com/deephaven/deephaven-plugins/issues/665

# Timeline Plot

Timeline plots offer a way to visualize time-related data, displaying events, durations, or activities along a time axis. Developers can utilize these plots for applications that require users to understand temporal patterns and relationships, such as project management, event scheduling, and historical data analysis.

#### When is a timeline plot appropriate?

> A timeline plot is appropriate when the data contain a categorical variable whose categories become relevant in different places across a timeline. An example may be the years that various members in a band have been active - some may have been activate for the duration of the band's career, others may have only appeared in the early days and then left, some may have passed away and been replaced, and so on. Timeline plots are very often used to display this data, such as [this timeline plot](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metallica#Timeline) detailing the member composition of the band Metallica over the course of their career.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A timeline plot is appropriate when the data contain a categorical variable whose categories become relevant in different places across a timeline. An example may be the years that various members in a band have been active - some may have been active for the duration of the band's career, others may have only appeared in the early days and then left, some may have passed away and been replaced, and so on. Timeline plots are often used to display this data, such as [this timeline plot](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metallica#Timeline) detailing the member composition of the band Metallica throughout the years.
```
